Do not create event weights with variances (#94)
scipp/scippnexus: docs/about/release-notes.rst

   Neil Vaytet :sup:`a`\ ,
   and Jan-Lukas Wynen :sup:`a`

v23.01.0
--------

Breaking changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * :class:`scippnexus.NXevent_data` is not loaded without automatically assigning a variance of 1 to the even weights `#94 <https://github.com/scipp/scippnexus/pull/94>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :class:`scippnexus.NXevent_data` is now loaded without automatically assigning a variance of 1 to the event weights `#94 <https://github.com/scipp/scippnexus/pull/94>`_.
```
